#+TITLE: Universal Basic Philanthropy: A Scalable Model to Democratize Social Impact
#+AUTHOR: Token Ibis
#+DATE: November 09, 2019
#+OPTIONS: toc:nil title:nil
#+LATEX_CLASS: custom

#+BEGIN_abstract
Society traditionally equivocates charitable giving exclusively with
generosity and individual sacrifice. We argue that, although this is a
classically valid view, the continued growth in size and impact of the
modern social profit sector requires a radical rethinking of its
financial foundations. Our solution is the novel conceptualization of
Universal Basic Philanthropy: an economic assertion that social
influence should be a civil right for all individuals. In this paper,
we present a simple mechanism to implement our belief in public
policy, speculate on the potential implications at a national scale,
and propose a strategy for actionable research moving forward.
#+END_abstract

#+LATEX: \title{\vspace{2cm}Universal Basic Philanthropy}
#+LATEX: \maketitle

* Introduction
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: introduction
:END:

General support for giving is a prominent characteristic of American
sentiment toward philanthropy. However, differing viewpoints can
emerge when considering philanthropy in the context of power and
inequality. We frame our work with three initial statements that we
hold to be true:

1. Traditional philanthropy is plutocratic by design.
2. Philanthropy has a valuable role in the economy /independently/ of
   Point 1.
3. Society should work to counteract Point 1 but maintain Point 2, if
   possible.

Although critics may question the feasibility, we do not feel that the
objective of Point 3 is overly controversial. Indeed, the search for
practical and incremental approaches to bring more voices into
philanthropy is a vibrant and complex field in its own right. We do
not attempt to add to this body of work. Instead, by drawing on
cross-disciplinary inspiration from ideas in classical economics and
recent trends in the tech industry, this paper documents a much
longer-term vision to rethink the fundamental value of charitable
giving. Universal Basic Philanthropy (UBP) is, to our knowledge, the
first proposal to fully democratize philanthropy through market-based
economic policy. The premise is this: every month, all adult citizens
within a jurisdiction receive a free transactable charity stipend that
they must eventually donate to a philanthropic cause. Nonprofit
organizations can then convert the donations back into regular money
to fund their mission. We hypothesize advantages to this scheme within
three domains, which we will explore in greater detail in Sections
[[#empowerment]], [[#allocation]], and [[#altruism]], respectively.

1. /Individual Empowerment/: Serious implementation of democratic
   values will lead to better public engagement and participation in
   social issues.
2. /Informed Giving/: Wider distribution of decision-making power will
   lead to more informed and rational financial allocation.
3. /Altruistic Economics/: The tokenization of philanthropy will create
   a new economy of altruistic financial transactions.

Our scheme is admittedly ambitious and idealistic. Regardless, we have
two critical reasons to begin promoting this work now. First, there is
something to be said about the value of pie-in-the-sky ideas for
generating awareness about more practical and incremental approaches.
Perhaps the most useful result of this work will be to draw public
attention to nuanced topics around tax policies, accountability
practices, and which organizations should be eligible for tax-exempt
status. Secondly, in contrast with other similarly grand proposals,
UBP researchers have a distinctly clear path to obtain initial
research results. By leveraging the existing financial infrastructure
in the nonprofit sector, we believe it is feasible to operate
low-cost, high-fidelity experiments that can scale up to the city,
state, and eventually national stage. In summary, the potential
immediate impact of UBP research is considerable. We intend for this
paper to provide a high-level but comprehensive starting point for
further discourse.

* Background
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: background
:END:

Charitable giving continues to be a strong tradition in American
culture. /Giving USA/ 2019 estimates $428 billion in individual
donations [[cite:giving2019]] while the /World Giving Index/ ranks the
US as 2nd among 140 countries in their latest report on average
generosity [[cite:charities2016world]]. However, while aggregate
donations as a fraction of total GDP has remained steady, the
proportion of contributions originating from wealthier donors has
rapidly outpaced the rest of the population in recent years. Between
the early 2000s and 2017, giving by donors earning more than $200,000
per year grew from 30% to 52% [[cite:lindsay2017america]]. Conversely,
between 2000 and 2014, the total number of households that donated at
all fell from 66% to 55% [[cite:collins2018gilded]]. Although
inequality in wealth and political power have become popular topics in
mainstream discussion, inequality in philanthropy has not received the
same treatment. Existing policy and culture may even encourage
inequality. A report by the US Congressional Budget Office found that
the top 11% of tax filers by income benefited from 76% of the $40.9
billion of subsidies for that year [[cite:muthitacharoen2011options]].

In a country that has traditionally favored progressive taxes in
virtually all other areas, why has this regressive policy perpetuated
for so long? Our best guess is that society still sees philanthropy
primarily in terms of individual generosity and sacrifice. This view
is not necessarily right or wrong. However, perhaps it is no longer
sufficient in a time when the nonprofit sector has achieved a global
impact on so many consequential areas like education, news, and
research. A growing number of authors have written popular books
drawing attention to this topic
[[cite:mcgoey2015no]][[cite:callahan2017givers]][[cite:villanueva2018decolonizing]][[cite:giridharadas2018winners]][[cite:reich2018just]].
The common message is this: philanthropy is power, and power demands
scrutiny.

* Related Work
UBP is an subclass of participatory grant-making
[[cite:gibson2017participatory]]. Whereas members in traditional
participatory grant-making make collective decisions by voting, UBP
prescribes a more scalable form of market-based individual
decision-making. Outside of philanthropy, UBP is comparable to three
other progressive ideas discussed in academic literature. First, it is
a special form of Universal Basic Income (UBI), a concept with a rich
history of study that has recently garnered renewed interest. UBI
proposes that, in place of welfare, the state should provide a steady
sum of money to all adult individuals to cover minimal living expenses
[[cite:van2004basic]]. Researchers have analyzed experiments in UBI
across several small-scale experiments in such settings as Alaska
[[cite:goldsmith2002alaska]], Finland [[cite:koistinen2014good]], and
Namibia [[cite:osterkamp2013basic]]. Secondly, UBP also shares a
common ideology with Richard Hasen's "democracy coupons"
[[cite:hasen1996clipping]][[cite:douglas2016local]]. Whereas democracy
coupons promote egalitarianism in the plutocratic campaign spending
process, UBP attempts to do the same for philanthropy. Finally, UBP's
charitable unit of currency has similar properties with the concept of
time banking, where members of small communities reciprocate labor as
measured by time rather than market value [[cite:cahn1992time]]. UBP's
currency may enable some of the same benefits by promoting community
well-being [[cite:lasker2011time]] and an individual sense of purpose
[[cite:ozanne2010learning]] --- but at a potentially much larger
scale.

* Universal Basic Philanthropy
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: ubp
:END:

Our proposed model is /Universal Basic Philanthropy/. The scheme
stipulates that at some level of governance, the state will fund and
distribute a guaranteed charitable stipend to its constituents. Where
UBP is the generic name of the distribution policy, we will refer to
the unit of currency as a /philanthropy dollar/. Philanthropy dollars
enjoy all of the flexibility of the US dollar (USD), with the
exception that only registered nonprofits can extract its monetary
value. Effectively, it creates a free-market infrastructure for
individuals to make decisions about social profit without needing to
consider the influence of traditional money. The dynamics of this
system, enforced by a combination of legal and technical mechanisms,
are illustrated in Figure [[fig:flow]] and informally summarized by
the following seven rules:

1. The state distributes philanthropy dollars in equal amounts to all
   individuals.
2. Entities (individuals or nonprofits) may trade USD for philanthropy
   dollars at a fixed 1:1 exchange rate.
3. Entities may send philanthropy dollars to any other entity.
4. Only registered nonprofits may trade philanthropy dollars for USD
   at an approved exchange.
5. Entities may only pay interest and capital gains on philanthropy
   dollar investments with more philanthropy dollars.
6. Entities may never exchange philanthropy dollars for regular money
   or material goods and services on a secondary market.
7. Nonprofits may not offer regular money or material goods and services in
   exchange for philanthropy dollars donations.
   
#+name: fig:flow
#+CAPTION: Flow of money in the UBP model. White arrows represent regular money and yellow arrows represent philanthropy dollars
[[./figures/flow.png]]  
   
How much should UBP pay to each individual? A reasonably logical
situation to consider is one in which the government eliminates the
existing charitable tax deduction and redistributes the resulting
revenue in a UBP program. Using the most recent estimates by the
Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation, this amount would total
roughly $20 per month per adult individual
[[cite:joint2018estimates]]. However, the public may be amenable to a
additional taxation if it allows them the "ability" to reduce their
private giving. If all giving eventually flows through UBP in this
way, then the government would be able to pay out closer to $150 per
month per individual.

* Individual Empowerment
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: empowerment
:END:

First, we view the benefits of UBP through the lens of democratic
values. Our scheme explicitly places philanthropy under the umbrella
of public funding. A question naturally arises: what is the role and
importance of philanthropy in this model? The answer lies in the
differences in dynamics between the traditional voting process and our
market-based mechanism. Among other things, our work is the economic
realization of a view expressed by Rob Reich about the role of
foundations [[cite:reich2013foundations]]. Reich argues that since
democracies must act at the discretion of the majority, democratic
governments will never be able to adequately provide public goods that
are too localized, controversial, or innovative to win the support of
the "median" voter. Currently, such services are exclusively in the
domain of traditional private giving.

Our work proposes a mechanism to combine the democratic benefits of
public funding with the merits of more flexible philanthropic
decision-making. In effect, UBP is a complementary market-based
extension to our civic power as citizens of a democratic state. For
some value systems, the desirability of equality and democracy are
intrinsic. As shown in Section [[#background]], social profit affects
every aspect of society at a significant scale. There is a multitude
of philosophical, moral, and sociological reasons why we may want to
maximize public ownership of these institutions.

However, individual empowerment may have more immediately obvious
benefits as well. If UBP provides the public with a greater sense of
empowerment in social profit, perhaps it will lead to greater
engagement and volunteerism. A study by Fidelity supports the natural
intuition that individuals who donated were also far more likely to
volunteer. Although this data only shows a correlative link, one of
the key contributions of our initial UBP study will be to measure the
magnitude of the causal relationship. Any evidence that UBP could
increase the national output of volunteerism, estimated to be worth
$167 billion in 2018, would be a strong justification for public
financing of the program [[cite:corporation2018volunteering]]. The
final argument for UBP on the subject of individual empowerment
relates to well-being and happiness. Separately, research has shown
that happiness positively correlates with greater equality, giving,
and volunteerism
[[cite:alesina2011preferences]][[cite:dunn2008spending]][[cite:binder2013volunteering]].
UBP aims to reinforce all three.

* Informed Giving
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: allocation
:END:

Whereas the previous section focused on the benefits of UBP for
participating individuals, this section argues that it also improves
the efficacy of the social profit sector itself. Traditional
philanthropy suffers from at least two forms of inefficiency on
extreme ends of the giving spectrum: impulsive, overly-emotional gifts
on one end, and rigid, overly-analytical donations on the other. UBP
mitigates both problems by better aligning funding with information.
We anticipate that the money flowing into social profit as a whole
will reflect more deliberate decision making that encodes
higher-quality, local knowledge about the underlying issues.
 
** Deliberate Decision-Making
At the first extreme, some everyday individuals donate almost
exclusively based on intense emotions, perhaps in response to a moving
advertisement or a stimulating social situation. This type of giving
can be less desirable for three reasons. Unlike contributions from
more informed donors, purely impulsive donations tend to add less
useful information. Furthermore, appealing to these donors is
expensive for nonprofits. Organizations often run high-cost
fundraising events solely in the hope that a few first-time donors
will someday turn into recurring, low-cost supporters of the cause.
Historically, the literature overwhelmingly agrees that emotions are
more effective than logic in motivating philanthropy
[[cite:cameron2011escaping]]. Furthermore, a seminal paper by Small et
al. sheds light on a secondary phenomenon: that adding rational
deliberation to the decision-making process tends to reduce
generosity. We conjecture that emotion plays such a dominant role
because of the requirement for self-sacrifice. If basic economic
theory is the purest form of rationality, then it follows that
individuals will only donate when something induces them to act
irrationally.

UBP is a value-agnostic policy that should enable more deliberate,
rational giving without necessarily forcing it. In contrast to
traditional philanthropy, UBP removes the need for self-sacrifice by
explicitly separating the resources that people can use on themselves
(regular money) from the resources that they can allocate for public
benefit (philanthropy dollars). The effect uncovered by Small et al.
does not apply here because there is no requirement for generosity in
the first place. As a result, organizations and individuals who
embrace carefully-deliberated decision-making will be on better
footing. Unlike the Effective Altruism movement, UBP does not make any
normative judgments about how emotions and rationality should inform
personal values [[cite:singer2010life]]. It merely leaves room for
optional deliberation by reducing the need for /impulse/ in the giving
process. Whether people ultimately donate from the heart or the head
is up to them. UBP supports both and allows them to sleep on it first.

** Local Knowledge
On the other end of the spectrum, the institutional grant-making
process performed by foundations, corporations, and governments may be
analytical to a fault. The first reason is that the need for
measurement incurs a nontrivial administrative cost that biases
funding toward larger organizations with the resources to spare the
overhead. The second reason follows partially from our discussion of
the purpose of social profit in Section [[#empowerment]]. If the role of
social profit is to complement the shortcomings of the state, then the
most valuable nonprofits are characteristically small, personable, and
innovative. These organizations, which might include school clubs,
crisis lines, and hopeful idealists pedaling ideas with names like
"Universal Basic Philanthropy," are precisely the most difficult to
measure.

Arguably, UBP facilitates a more natural way to aggregate information.
Whereas traditional grant-making depends primarily on expert analysis
by a handful of individuals, UBP can make better use of qualitative
/local knowledge/ spread out through the entire population. Local
knowledge, which may include personal experience with general social
issues, interactions with a specific nonprofit, or second-hand
information of either, informs the individual decision-making process.
The arguments for this paradigm are analogous to arguments in favor of
free-markets over central planning in traditional economics. However,
there may be another positive secondary effect that is exclusive to
UBP. Recall that UBP allows the exchange of philanthropy dollars
between individuals. If philanthropy dollars someday trades on a
wide-spread and active economy, a point which we argue for in Section
[[#altruism]], then we expect that it will tend to flow toward people who
are more interested in social profit. Supposing that these people are
consequently more engaged and informed, then increasing their input is
a clear win for smart philanthropy.

As a final point, although we argue that UBP offers a definite
improvement to over-reliance on grant-making institutions, we have no
reason to believe that these organizations should have a less
prominent role in a UBP-centric world. First, they appear well-suited
to play the gate-keeping role needed to determine which nonprofits are
eligible for funding. Secondly, we expect that many individuals will
still choose to donate to expert-run foundations, especially those who
value analytics or who prioritize large-scale issues like climate
change. However, these foundations will now be more accountable to the
public than to a concentrated source of wealth.

* Altruistic Economics
:PROPERTIES:
:CUSTOM_ID: altruism
:END:

Our third and final hypothesized benefit of UBP is its potential to
catalyze a scalable, economically well-defined ecosystem that we call
/The Altruistic Economy/. Informally, a simplistic view of free-market
economics predicts that every time money should change hands, it does.
In reality, people frequently face social or ethical considerations
that add friction to the otherwise free flow of money. Examples
include trading favors between friends and betting on political
elections. For most of these cases, we suggest that the relevant
psychological block is the perception of greed and selfishness on the
part of the potential beneficiaries. By construction, philanthropy
dollars have the potential to become the first form of widely-accepted
currency that is incapable of enabling greed or selfishness, at least
in the narrow financial sense. If so, it could then serve as a unique
medium of exchange for the socially and ethically-charged transactions
mentioned before. We can extrapolate this intuition to consider brand
new classes of altruistically-enabled interactions. The proceeding
subsections describe a non-exhaustive list of possibilities. Although
we do not expect most of them to hold up perfectly in a real-world
setting, we present them all as useful thought experiments.

** New Individual Exchange
This category describes exchanges between two private individuals. In
addition to the "trading favors" use case described earlier, examples
of transactions might include birthday presents, donations "in lieu of
flowers," and science fair awards.

** Supplementary Compensation
Many professionals likely accept lower pay to work in a mission-driven
field. Currently, this collective sacrifice is a net benefit for
society. Supposing that base salary stays the same in a UBP-adjusted
world, companies might choose to make up the difference in the form of
a supplementary philanthropy dollar "bonus." This form of compensation
serves to empower the worker and signal their actual economic worth to
society. However, 100% of the money would stay in the social profit
sector. For this mechanism to be effective, we would need to implement
cultural or legal expectations to prevent the worker from donating
right back to their employer.

** Social Profit Banking 
Some individual will want to store their philanthropy dollars for
later use. In theory, banks could accept philanthropy dollar deposits
and loan them out to nonprofits at a lower interest rate than regular
money. They might then kick back some of this revenue to the
depositor. By Rule 5 of Section [[#ubp]], no parties can earn a regular
profit off this process, so the bank must either provide the service
"altruistically" or must itself be a nonprofit.
 
** Tax Rebates
Debates about wealth redistribution often revolve around the value of
equality on one side and the need for economic incentives on the
other. Philanthropy dollars offer an appealing middle ground. In this
scheme, the government would levy a progressive tax on higher income
brackets. However, rather than collect for revenue, it would
immediately pay it back to the same individual as a philanthropy
dollar rebate. Assuming that social profit has some redistributive
effect and that philanthropy is a valid incentive, then such a rebate
would theoretically be appealing to both sides of the debate.

** New Business Models
In the same way that philanthropy dollars facilitate personal
transactions that may be socially or ethically problematic, it could
do the same for some businesses. Easily conceivable models are
philanthropy casinos and philanthropy ticket resale. However, much
more exotic possibilities exist. We reference an episode of NPR's
Planet Money podcast as just one example [[cite:money2015episode]].

** Social Businesses
A social business, as defined by Muhammad Yunus, is a financially
self-sustaining business that seeks to maximize social profit.
Although it can raise capital by issuing shares of equity, the total
sum of dividends paid out in its lifetime can at most match the
principle investment [[cite:yunus2010building]]. As currently defined,
this setup implies that a social business can never make a profit.
Under our model, social businesses can now pay out philanthropy dollar
dividends to reward investors without compromising their
mission-driven purpose.

** Social Impact Bonds
A social impact bond is an agreement between a large public
stakeholder such as a government and a contractor. They are funded by
private investors and structured in such a way that repayment is
contingent on the progress of the measurable social problem the
contractor promises to address. For instance, investors might bet on
some agency to reduce recidivism among a population of recently
incarcerated individuals [[cite:nicholls2013peterborough]]. Although
this tool already works with regular money, allowing philanthropy
dollars investments would open the possibility for more sensitive
social issues than would otherwise be acceptable.

** Awareness Markets
A prediction market is a financial instrument that allows speculators
to bet on the outcome of future events. We propose /awareness markets/
as a way to leverage this instrument for spreading awareness about
critical social statistics. For instance, an investor might stake
money to answer the following question: "What percentage of children
in New Mexico will be living above the poverty line by 2022?" Although
speculation on such issues with regular money would be unethical,
speculating with philanthropy dollars is likely acceptable. An active
awareness market would leverage the stimulating psychology of betting
to aggregate information on socially relevant measurables.
Furthermore, the awareness market might prove to be a useful financing
tool. In the hypothetical resolution of the previous example, either
more children would leave poverty than initially expected, or the
investor would earn a net profit of philanthropy dollars to contribute
to the cause.

* Challenges and Best Practices
In this section, we will present considerations for critical
challenges and best practices in maintaining the integrity of the
system. We make an underlying assumption that UBP will operate
exclusively on a digital payment platform sanctioned by the federal
government. We feel this is a reasonable assumption for the future
given the growing interest in novel payment technologies
[[cite:nakamoto2008bitcoin]][[cite:bech2017central]]. Although we will
propose hard legal and technological solutions to handle some of these
challenges, the hope is that emerging cultural norms will do the heavy
lifting.

** Gate-Keeping
The gate-keeping challenge is the task of maintaining the list of
nonprofits eligible to receive donations. By improving access to
grassroots funding, UBP would likely incite an increased interested in
nonprofit startups. A fair but effective gate-keeping process serves
three primary purposes:

- Prevent fraud by screening out attempts to launder philanthropy
  dollars into regular dollars.
- Prevent waste by screening out redundant startups that will
  needlessly draw resources from established organizations.
- Maintain solidarity by ensuring that the public as a whole supports
  most of the causes on the list.
  
The first gate-keeping strategy we propose is to leverage the
capabilities of existing grant-making organizations. Unlike open-ended
considerations about value systems and qualitative impact,
gate-keeping questions about legal compliance, financial health, and
managerial qualifications map well to the analytical expertise found
in these institutions. Another strategy is to extend the existing
concept of fiscal sponsorship. Using this approach, governments would
require prospective nonprofit startups to gather some minimum number
of "sponsorships" from established organizations. This method raises
the barrier of entry while encouraging collaboration and preventing
redundancy. A combination of both approaches is likely to be the most
effective. By formalize these relationships on the same digital
platform, we can use data analysis to detect suspicious behavior. For
instance, algorithms might identify tightly-coupled networks of
organizations with a high rate of historical abuse or flag obscure
nonprofits that only ever receive donations from a few recurring
individuals.

** Donation Integrity
By empowering a broad base of donors who no longer need to
self-sacrifice, UBP increases the incentive for unethical donation
solicitation. Organizations might ask for "donations" from the
individuals that they serve in exchange for preferential treatment.
More innocuously, fundraisers might try to raise philanthropy dollars
by selling t-shirts or gala tickets. The IRS currently regulates this
behavior for tax exemption purposes under quid pro quo laws. In our
model, it is a violation of Rule 6 of Section [[#ubp]]. In general, we
expect that culture pressures will mitigate most of the abuse.
However, it may be worth considering a more technological solution
that protects the privacy of donors from the organizations to which
they choose to donate.

** Transactional Integrity
All benefits of UBP vanish if individuals can turn around and trade
their philanthropy dollars for regular dollars or equivalent material
value, hence the need for Rule 7 of Section [[#ubp]]. Public policy
should, at the very least, be able to ban large-scale activity
facilitated by upstanding institutions. Since philanthropy dollars
would appear to make for a poor black-market commodity, we suspect
that this measure alone will be sufficient to preserve the
transactional integrity of the system. At smaller scales, there is a
fine line between faceless "secondary markets" and the type of one-off
personable exchanges described in Section [[#altruism]]. We leave the
issue of defining the distinction for future public discussion.

* Research Strategy
We now propose a strategy to study the essential effects of UBP at an
actionable scale. The experiment requires cooperation from three
groups of stakeholders:

- /Donors/: Simulate the government by providing a distant source of money.
- /Local Nonprofits/: Simulate all nonprofits by representing a balanced cross-section of causes.
- /Students/: Undergraduate college students simulate the public as a whole.
  
In essence, the experiment entails collecting money from donors to
give to students for allocation to local nonprofits. The timeline
would be on the order of 6-12 months or more. Students would interact
on a digital payment app that allows them to send and donate
philanthropy dollars, communicate with other students, read news and
events, and establish social-networking connections by "following"
other users. By integrating these features with a data collection
infrastructure, we can quantitatively measure the potential effect of
UBP on general behavior. A basic experiment would separate students
into two separate groups: one that receives UBP and a control group.
To ensure that the control group still has some incentive to use the
app, the experiment facilitator should agree to match any freely-given
donations up to the UBP amount. We can now ask the following research
questions:

- Does the UBP group engage more in social issues as measured by app
  activity?
- How does the distribution of donations differ between the groups
  with respect to organizations and causes?
- In the UBP group, does the flow of transactional philanthropy
  dollars tend to go toward students who are "more informed" as
  measured by app activity?
- Given A/B testing between emotion and rational solicitations, is the
  UBP group comparatively more receptive to the latter?
- What is the velocity of money for philanthropy dollars?
- How do social network connections, as defined by "following" links,
  predict giving patterns?
  
This list represents the most immediate questions concerning the
causal effect of UBP. However, we note that UBP is a convenient excuse
to more generally study philanthropy. Such a setup could help answer
other questions about the psychology of giving on a unique platform
that is more natural than laboratory testing but more observable than
tax return analysis.

* Conclusion
In this document, we present an initial conceptual framework for
discourse on Universal Basic Philanthropy, a market-based policy to
democratize social impact at the national scale. We argue that the
modern state of social profit warrants reconsideration of its
underlying financial mechanisms. UBP offers theoretical improvements
to the existing system through individual empowerment, informed
giving, and the creation of a novel class of altruistic economics.
Finally, UBP is a readily-testable model that we propose to implement
on a local scale to empower students. Our organization has taken the
first steps toward this goal in the area of app development and
connection building. In conjunction with the work ahead, we hope that
this paper will help catalyze mainstream interest in the promising
future of social profit.

#+LATEX: \bibliographystyle{abbrv}
#+LATEX: \bibliography{references.bib}
